---
permalink: /terms/
title: "Terms and Policies"
last_modified_at: 2017-09-28T09:14:54-04:00
excerpt: "Odd-one-out.serek.eu terms & conditions and privacy policy."
---

## Privacy Policy

I consider the privacy of my visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by odd-one-out.serek.eu and how I use it. I will not share your email address or any other personal information to anyone without your direct consent.

### Log Files

Like many other Web sites, odd-one-out.serek.eu makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes

* Internet Protocol addresses (IP)
* Browser type
* Internet Service Provider (ISP)
* Date/time stamp
* Referring/exit pages
* Number of clicks

This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

### Cookies and Web Beacons

When you visit this site a cookie is set with you location info based on your IP. I use this information to localize links to Amazon.

Third-party advertisers may also place and read cookies on your browser and/or use web beacons to collect information. This site has no access or control over these cookies. You should review the respective privacy policies on any and all third-party ad servers for more information regarding their practices and how to opt-out.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your web browser options. Instructions for doing so can be found on the specific web browsers' websites.
#### Amazon

Amazon, a third party affiliate marketing network, uses cookies to help make sure I get a commission when you buy a product after clicking on a link or ad banner that takes you to the site of one of their merchants. You can read [Amazon's Privacy Policy](http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496).

#### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can read more at [Google Analytics Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html).

## Disclosure Policy

I make money on this website through affiliate programs. If you click an affiliate link or ad banner and buy the product, you help support this website because I'll get a percentage of that sale.

Currently I'm an affiliate for
* Amazon
* AliExpress

### Amazon
The owner of this website, Poul Serek, is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking odd-one-out.serek.eu to Amazon properties including, but not limited to, amazon.com, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.ca, amazon.cn, amazon.it and amazon.es.

What this means for you:

* I became an affiliate to earn revenue towards the costs of running and maintaining this website. Where I have direct control over which ads are served on this website I offer only products that are directly related to the topic of this website and products that a reader/subscriber would have a genuine interest in or need of.
* I do not and will not recommend a product just for the sake of making money.
* I do not let the compensation I receive influence the content, topics, posts, or opinions expressed on this website.
* I respect and value my readers too much to write anything other than my own genuine and objective opinions and advice.

Just like this website, my Disclosure Policy is a work in progress. As the revenue streams evolve, so will this page.

*Last updated: {{ page.last_modified_at | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}*
